Crew Cabin
You find yourself in the crew cabins along with your fellow guardsmen. The whole room is lit by the flashing red lights of the emergency alarm system.
Knife,MONSTER
Engine Room,%,%,Mess Hall
Mess Hall
Scenes of violence and chaos fill the room. Gretchins swarm the hall while your fellow guardsmen are helplessly fending them off.
ITEM,Gretchin
Infirmary,Crew Cabin,%,Storage Compartment
Storage Compartment
None of the supplies were looted, You should take whatever you can and quickly pursue the Gorkanaut.
Armour,MONSTER
%,Mess Hall,%,%
Engine Room
The engine is still running, power to the ship hasn't been cut off yet. The blaring sound of the alarm is still heard.
ITEM,Gretchin
Cargo Bay,%,Crew Cabin,%
Cargo Bay
Crates and storage containers are stacked upon each other like a defensive emplacement. many of your fellow guardsmen lay clutching their wounds.
ITEM,Boyz
Hanger Bay,%,Engine Room,Infirmary
Infirmary
Bodies lay lifeless amongst the clinical beds. The infirmary is not capable to handle the amount of injured coming in.
Medipack,MONSTER
Life Support Systems,Cargo Bay,Mess Hall,Laboratory
Laboratory
All important scientific documents are still present, of course the Orks do not care for this, all they know is bloodshed.
ITEM,MONSTER
%,Infirmary,%,%
Life Support Systems
The life support systems seem to be cut off, dead bodies littered the floor, for a room labelled as "life support" you expect there to be life no?
Medipack,Boyz
%,Turret Access,Infirmary,%
Turret Access
All ammunition to the turret has been spent, Seems like our firepower was not enough to ward off the Orks. I should look through the containers for any weapons.
Lasrifle,MONSTER
Navigation Terminal,%,%,Life Support Systems
Hanger Bay
Muliple Ork raiding ship had boarded, looked as if it came crashing in. This was a swiftly coordinated attack.
ITEM,Gretchin
Cryogenic Storage,Escape Pods,Cargo Bay,%
Escape Pods
Some escape pods seemed to make it out, some are still connected to their docking ports, inside are the bodies of those who seem to have not escaped in time...
Armour,Gretchin
%,%,%,Hanger Bay
Navigation Terminal
The ship is set on course for the nearest medical station. Even then, the nearest one is approximately 3 light years away...
ITEM,Boyz
Bridge,Cryogenic Storage,Turret Access,%
Cryogenic Storage
Some living beings are stored in here, but the container had been breached and the contents inside are all dead. These Orks know no boundaries, they slaughter everything.
Medipack,MONSTER
Bridge,%,Hanger Bay,Navigation Terminal
Captain's Quarters
The Captain laid dead in his room. Brutally slaughtered, the Gorkanaut must me nearby
Chainsword,Boyz
%,Bridge,%,%
Bridge
There was conflict here, dead crew, bullet holes, blood and organs splattered across the ship's control terminals. The Orks have already gained access to the ship's controls.
ITEM,MONSTER
Communication Terminal,Cryogenic Bay,Navigation Terminal,Captain's Quarters
Communication Terminal
A distress signal has been sent out, communication logs shows that multiple attempts have been made to contact nearby stations and vessels.
ITEM,Gorkanaut
%,%,Bridge,%